docs/deploying/deploy-smart-contracts.mdx, before:

---
sidebar_position: 1
---

# Deploy Your Stylus Smart Contracts

To deploy your Stylus smart contracts to Arbitrum networks, there are a few things you need to adjust.

## 1. Configure your network

Scaffold-Stylus supports Arbitrum networks by default. You can configure your deployment network using environment variables.

### Local Network Setup

For local development, you need to start a local Stylus-compatible network first:

```bash
yarn chain
```

This command starts a local Stylus-compatible network using the Nitro dev node script (`./nitro-devnode/run-dev-node.sh`). The network runs on your local machine and can be used for testing and development. You can customize the Nitro dev node configuration in the `nitro-devnode` submodule.

### Available Networks

This template supports Arbitrum and it's orbit networks only. You can test which networks are available and their RPC URLs:

```bash
yarn info:networks
```

This will show you all supported networks and their corresponding RPC endpoints.

For testnet information, including faucets and RPC endpoints, see the [Arbitrum Stylus testnet documentation](https://docs.arbitrum.io/stylus/reference/testnet-information).

## 2. Deploy your Stylus smart contract(s)

### Deployment Options

Scaffold-Stylus supports deploying to different types of networks:

- **Local Network**: For development and testing
- **Standard Arbitrum Networks**: Sepolia, Mainnet, Nova
- **Orbit Chains**: Custom Layer 2 or Layer 3 solutions (requires special configuration)

### Deploy to Local Network

The simplest way to deploy your Stylus smart contract is using:

```bash
yarn deploy
```

This command deploys a test smart contract to the local network. The contract is located in `packages/stylus/your-contract/src` and can be modified to suit your needs. The `yarn deploy` command uses the deploy script located in `packages/stylus/scripts` to deploy the contract to the network. You can also customize the deploy script.

### Create Your Own Contract

Scaffold-Stylus enables you to create and deploy multiple contracts within a single project. Follow the steps below to create and deploy your own contracts.

#### Step 1: Generate New Contract

Use the following command to create a new contract and customize it as needed:

```bash
yarn new-module <contract-name>
```

The generated contract will be located in `packages/stylus/<contract-name>`.

#### Step 2: Deploy Your Contract

```bash
yarn deploy [...options]
```

This command runs the `deploy.ts` script located in `packages/stylus/scripts`. You can customize this script with your deployment logic.

**Available Options:**

- `--network <network>`: Specify which network to deploy to
- `--estimate-gas`: Only perform gas estimation without deploying
- `--max-fee=<maxFee>`: Set maximum fee per gas in gwei

**Note:** Deployment information is automatically saved in `packages/stylus/deployments` by default.

### Check Your Program

Before deploying to live networks, you can check that your program compiles to valid WASM for Stylus and will succeed a deployment onchain without transacting:

```bash
cargo stylus check
```

If successful, you should see:

```bash
Finished release [optimized] target(s) in 1.88s
Reading WASM file at target/wasm32-unknown-unknown/release/your-program.wasm
Compressed WASM size: 8.9 KB
Program succeeded Stylus onchain activation checks with Stylus version: 1
```

:::info Note
You can edit your deployment scripts in `packages/stylus/scripts/deploy.ts` to customize the deployment process.
:::

## 3. Export ABI for your smart contract

If you are using `yarn deploy`, the script will automatically export the ABI to `packages/nextjs/contracts/deployedContracts.ts`. You can manually export the ABI for your Stylus program by using:

```bash
yarn export-abi
```

This outputs a Solidity interface that represents your Rust program:

```js
/**
 * This file was automatically generated by Stylus and represents a Rust program.
 * For more information, please see [The Stylus SDK](https://github.com/OffchainLabs/stylus-sdk-rs).
 */

// SPDX-License-Identifier: MIT-OR-APACHE-2.0
pragma solidity ^0.8.23;

interface ICounter {
    function number() external view returns (uint256);
    function setNumber(uint256 new_number) external;
    function increment() external;
}
```

Exporting ABIs uses a feature that is enabled by default in your `Cargo.toml`:

```toml
[features]
export-abi = ["stylus-sdk/export-abi"]
```

## 4. Deploy to Other Networks

To deploy your contracts to other networks (other than the default local Nitro dev node), you'll need to configure your RPC endpoint and wallet credentials.

### Prerequisites

1. **Set up Environment Variables**

   Configure your target network's environment variables. Check `packages/stylus/.env.example` for the complete template and set the appropriate variables for your target network:

   ```env
   # Example for Sepolia
   ACCOUNT_ADDRESS_SEPOLIA=your_account_address_here
   RPC_URL_SEPOLIA=https://sepolia-rollup.arbitrum.io/rpc
   PRIVATE_KEY_SEPOLIA=your_private_key_here

   # Example for Mainnet
   ACCOUNT_ADDRESS_MAINNET=your_account_address_here
   RPC_URL_MAINNET=https://arb1.arbitrum.io/rpc
   PRIVATE_KEY_MAINNET=your_private_key_here
   ```

   **Note:** If RPC URL is not provided, the system will use the default public RPC URL from that network.

2. **Update Frontend Configuration**

   Open `packages/nextjs/scaffold.config.ts` and update the `targetNetworks` array to include your target chain. This ensures your frontend connects to the correct network and generates the proper ABI in `deployedContracts.ts`:

   ```ts
   import * as chains from "./utils/scaffold-stylus/supportedChains";
   // ...
   targetNetworks: [chains.arbitrumSepolia],
   ```

### Deploy to Standard Networks

Once configured, deploy to your target network:

```bash
yarn deploy --network <network>
```

You can also estimate gas costs before deploying:

```bash
yarn deploy --network <network> --estimate-gas
```

### Deploy to Orbit Chains

Orbit chains require special configuration and have different requirements than standard Arbitrum networks. For detailed instructions on deploying to Orbit chains, see [Deploy to Orbit Chains](./deploy-to-orbit-chains).

:::warning Important Security Notes

- The values in `.env.example` provide a template for required environment variables
- **Always keep your private key secure and never commit it to version control**
- Consider using environment variable management tools for production deployments
  :::

Commit message:

docs: add Arbitrum testnet faucets

docs/deploying/deploy-smart-contracts.mdx, after:

---
sidebar_position: 1
---

# Deploy Your Stylus Smart Contracts

To deploy your Stylus smart contracts to Arbitrum networks, there are a few things you need to adjust.

## 1. Configure your network

Scaffold-Stylus supports Arbitrum networks by default. You can configure your deployment network using environment variables.

### Local Network Setup

For local development, you need to start a local Stylus-compatible network first:

```bash
yarn chain
```

This command starts a local Stylus-compatible network using the Nitro dev node script (`./nitro-devnode/run-dev-node.sh`). The network runs on your local machine and can be used for testing and development. You can customize the Nitro dev node configuration in the `nitro-devnode` submodule.

### Available Networks

This template supports Arbitrum and it's orbit networks only. You can test which networks are available and their RPC URLs:

```bash
yarn info:networks
```

This will show you all supported networks and their corresponding RPC endpoints.

For testnet information, including faucets and RPC endpoints, see the [Arbitrum Stylus testnet documentation](https://docs.arbitrum.io/stylus/reference/testnet-information).

### Arbitrum Testnet Faucets

To get testnet ETH for deploying and testing your contracts on Arbitrum Sepolia, you can use the following faucets:

- [Chainlink Faucet](https://faucets.chain.link/arbitrum-sepolia)
- [QuickNode Faucet](https://faucet.quicknode.com/arbitrum)
- [Alchemy Faucet](https://www.alchemy.com/faucets/arbitrum-sepolia)

## 2. Deploy your Stylus smart contract(s)

### Deployment Options

Scaffold-Stylus supports deploying to different types of networks:

- **Local Network**: For development and testing
- **Standard Arbitrum Networks**: Sepolia, Mainnet, Nova
- **Orbit Chains**: Custom Layer 2 or Layer 3 solutions (requires special configuration)

### Deploy to Local Network

The simplest way to deploy your Stylus smart contract is using:

```bash
yarn deploy
```

This command deploys a test smart contract to the local network. The contract is located in `packages/stylus/your-contract/src` and can be modified to suit your needs. The `yarn deploy` command uses the deploy script located in `packages/stylus/scripts` to deploy the contract to the network. You can also customize the deploy script.

### Create Your Own Contract

Scaffold-Stylus enables you to create and deploy multiple contracts within a single project. Follow the steps below to create and deploy your own contracts.

#### Step 1: Generate New Contract

Use the following command to create a new contract and customize it as needed:

```bash
yarn new-module <contract-name>
```

The generated contract will be located in `packages/stylus/<contract-name>`.

#### Step 2: Deploy Your Contract

```bash
yarn deploy [...options]
```

This command runs the `deploy.ts` script located in `packages/stylus/scripts`. You can customize this script with your deployment logic.

**Available Options:**

- `--network <network>`: Specify which network to deploy to
- `--estimate-gas`: Only perform gas estimation without deploying
- `--max-fee=<maxFee>`: Set maximum fee per gas in gwei

**Note:** Deployment information is automatically saved in `packages/stylus/deployments` by default.

### Check Your Program

Before deploying to live networks, you can check that your program compiles to valid WASM for Stylus and will succeed a deployment onchain without transacting:

```bash
cargo stylus check
```

If successful, you should see:

```bash
Finished release [optimized] target(s) in 1.88s
Reading WASM file at target/wasm32-unknown-unknown/release/your-program.wasm
Compressed WASM size: 8.9 KB
Program succeeded Stylus onchain activation checks with Stylus version: 1
```

:::info Note
You can edit your deployment scripts in `packages/stylus/scripts/deploy.ts` to customize the deployment process.
:::

## 3. Export ABI for your smart contract

If you are using `yarn deploy`, the script will automatically export the ABI to `packages/nextjs/contracts/deployedContracts.ts`. You can manually export the ABI for your Stylus program by using:

```bash
yarn export-abi
```

This outputs a Solidity interface that represents your Rust program:

```js
/**
 * This file was automatically generated by Stylus and represents a Rust program.
 * For more information, please see [The Stylus SDK](https://github.com/OffchainLabs/stylus-sdk-rs).
 */

// SPDX-License-Identifier: MIT-OR-APACHE-2.0
pragma solidity ^0.8.23;

interface ICounter {
    function number() external view returns (uint256);
    function setNumber(uint256 new_number) external;
    function increment() external;
}
```

Exporting ABIs uses a feature that is enabled by default in your `Cargo.toml`:

```toml
[features]
export-abi = ["stylus-sdk/export-abi"]
```

## 4. Deploy to Other Networks

To deploy your contracts to other networks (other than the default local Nitro dev node), you'll need to configure your RPC endpoint and wallet credentials.

### Prerequisites

1. **Set up Environment Variables**

   Configure your target network's environment variables. Check `packages/stylus/.env.example` for the complete template and set the appropriate variables for your target network:

   ```env
   # Example for Sepolia
   ACCOUNT_ADDRESS_SEPOLIA=your_account_address_here
   RPC_URL_SEPOLIA=https://sepolia-rollup.arbitrum.io/rpc
   PRIVATE_KEY_SEPOLIA=your_private_key_here

   # Example for Mainnet
   ACCOUNT_ADDRESS_MAINNET=your_account_address_here
   RPC_URL_MAINNET=https://arb1.arbitrum.io/rpc
   PRIVATE_KEY_MAINNET=your_private_key_here
   ```

   **Note:** If RPC URL is not provided, the system will use the default public RPC URL from that network.

2. **Update Frontend Configuration**

   Open `packages/nextjs/scaffold.config.ts` and update the `targetNetworks` array to include your target chain. This ensures your frontend connects to the correct network and generates the proper ABI in `deployedContracts.ts`:

   ```ts
   import * as chains from "./utils/scaffold-stylus/supportedChains";
   // ...
   targetNetworks: [chains.arbitrumSepolia],
   ```

### Deploy to Standard Networks

Once configured, deploy to your target network:

```bash
yarn deploy --network <network>
```

You can also estimate gas costs before deploying:

```bash
yarn deploy --network <network> --estimate-gas
```

### Deploy to Orbit Chains

Orbit chains require special configuration and have different requirements than standard Arbitrum networks. For detailed instructions on deploying to Orbit chains, see [Deploy to Orbit Chains](./deploy-to-orbit-chains).

:::warning Important Security Notes

- The values in `.env.example` provide a template for required environment variables
- **Always keep your private key secure and never commit it to version control**
- Consider using environment variable management tools for production deployments
  :::
