docs/quick-start/installation.mdx, before:

---
sidebar_position: 1
description: Requirements and installation methods to get started with Scaffold Stylus.
---

# Installation

## Requirements

Before you begin, you need to install the following tools:

- [Node (>= v20.18)](https://nodejs.org/en/download/)
- Yarn ([v2+](https://yarnpkg.com/getting-started/install))
- [Git](https://git-scm.com/downloads)
- [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/)
- [Foundry Cast](https://getfoundry.sh/)

## Easy installation with stylusup:

```bash
curl -s https://stylusup.sh/install.sh | sh
```

## Alternatively: Install Rust and the Stylus CLI tool with Cargo:

### Install Rust:

```bash
curl --proto '=https' --tlsv1.2 -sSf https://sh.rustup.rs | sh
```

Check the [Rust installation guide](https://www.rust-lang.org/tools/install) for more information.

### Install the Stylus CLI tool with Cargo:

```bash
cargo install --force cargo-stylus cargo-stylus-check
```

**Prerequisite:**
- `cargo-stylus` version `^0.6.1`
- `rustc` version match with `packages/stylus/your-contract/rust-toolchain.toml`

Set default `toolchain` match `rust-toolchain.toml` and add the `wasm32-unknown-unknown` build target to your Rust compiler:

```bash
rustup default 1.89
rustup target add wasm32-unknown-unknown --toolchain 1.89
```

You should now have it available as a Cargo subcommand:

```bash
cargo stylus --help
```

## Setup

For a simplified setup, Scaffold-Stylus offers a npx tool that guides you interactively through the setup:

```
npx create-stylus@latest
```

You will be presented with a series of prompts:

- **Project Name:** Enter a name for your project, e.g., my-dapp-example.

Once the setup is complete, navigate to the project directory:

```
cd project-name
```

If you want to use extensions, you can add the -e flag followed by the extension name:

```
npx create-stylus@latest -e extension-name
```

For more information about available extensions and how to use them, check out the [Extensions section](/extensions)

---

## Alternative: Start from GitHub

If you prefer, you can start by cloning the Scaffold-Stylus repository directly and running it locally. This gives you full access to all source code and configuration.

1. **Clone the repository and install dependencies:**

```
git clone https://github.com/Arb-Stylus/scaffold-stylus.git
cd scaffold-stylus
yarn install
# Initialize submodules (required for Nitro dev node)
git submodule update --init --recursive
```

Commit message:

recommend stylus and tell what it does

docs/quick-start/installation.mdx, after:

---
sidebar_position: 1
description: Requirements and installation methods to get started with Scaffold Stylus.
---

# Installation

## Requirements

Before you begin, you need to install the following tools:

- [Node (>= v20.18)](https://nodejs.org/en/download/)
- Yarn ([v2+](https://yarnpkg.com/getting-started/install))
- [Git](https://git-scm.com/downloads)
- [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/)
- [Foundry Cast](https://getfoundry.sh/)

## Easy installation with stylusup (Recommended):

```bash
curl -s https://stylusup.sh/install.sh | sh
```

What it does:

- Installing Rust (if not present) to provide the core programming environment.

- Adding WebAssembly support to compile Rust code for blockchain environments.

- Installing cargo-stylus, a tool for creating and managing Stylus projects.

- Optionally collecting and sending telemetry data to track installation statistics.

## Alternatively: Install Rust and the Stylus CLI tool with Cargo:

### Install Rust:

```bash
curl --proto '=https' --tlsv1.2 -sSf https://sh.rustup.rs | sh
```

Check the [Rust installation guide](https://www.rust-lang.org/tools/install) for more information.

### Install the Stylus CLI tool with Cargo:

```bash
cargo install --force cargo-stylus cargo-stylus-check
```

**Prerequisite:**
- `cargo-stylus` version `^0.6.1`
- `rustc` version match with `packages/stylus/your-contract/rust-toolchain.toml`

Set default `toolchain` match `rust-toolchain.toml` and add the `wasm32-unknown-unknown` build target to your Rust compiler:

```bash
rustup default 1.89
rustup target add wasm32-unknown-unknown --toolchain 1.89
```

You should now have it available as a Cargo subcommand:

```bash
cargo stylus --help
```

## Setup

For a simplified setup, Scaffold-Stylus offers a npx tool that guides you interactively through the setup:

```
npx create-stylus@latest
```

You will be presented with a series of prompts:

- **Project Name:** Enter a name for your project, e.g., my-dapp-example.

Once the setup is complete, navigate to the project directory:

```
cd project-name
```

If you want to use extensions, you can add the -e flag followed by the extension name:

```
npx create-stylus@latest -e extension-name
```

For more information about available extensions and how to use them, check out the [Extensions section](/extensions)

---

## Alternative: Start from GitHub

If you prefer, you can start by cloning the Scaffold-Stylus repository directly and running it locally. This gives you full access to all source code and configuration.

1. **Clone the repository and install dependencies:**

```
git clone https://github.com/Arb-Stylus/scaffold-stylus.git
cd scaffold-stylus
yarn install
# Initialize submodules (required for Nitro dev node)
git submodule update --init --recursive
```
